The young master has sent someone
I have searched all the places where Miss Wanqing often goes
Still no one found.
What do you eat?
Hey, I can't find it after searching for so long.
Now I can only call the police.
This is absolutely not possible.
Call the police in case the cup tears the ticket by then
I can't find Miss Wanqing
You can't wait at home for three days.
Then send money to the robber
What if something happens during this period?
Why don't we investigate it ourselves first?
Chu Chu
Hey Chuchu
What are you working on now?
I'm not feeling well.
I know you don't like me now
But you have to trust me.
My heart for you has never changed
Goodbye one last time
Where are you now?
I'm in my old place
I'm coming to you now.
Grandma doesn't know yet
Don't worry, young master
Grandma, the news was blocked that day.
That's good, grandma is too old to get in and out of school
understand